

I'll refer to the provider of the pricing problem as the client.

Step 1: Understand the problem. 

The client provided a clear problem definition. However, there are a few issues to think about:
1. The client did not specify how he/she wants the program to behave when a user input error is encountered. Should the program terminate? Should
   the program ask the user to re-enter input? 
2. What is valid and invalid user input?
   - Does every job require people? Or are there automated jobs? In other words, is "0 people" or "0 persons" valid input?
3. What rules is the client abiding by when providing input? In the example, "drugs" is used to refer to pharmaceuticals.
   Will all users use the term "drugs" to refer to pharmaceuticals? Will all users use the term "food" to refer to food items
   (as opposed to "chicken", "tomatoes", etc)?
4. Having the user type in "$1,299.99, 3 people, drugs" might not be the best way to tackle this problem because of the above issues. In the simple 
   scenario where there are only four markup categories (pharmaceuticals, food, electronics, labor), it would be better to have a graphical user interface
   that asks the user to input the initial base price, the number of individuals required for the job, and three checkboxes corresponding to each of the
   remaining categories. This way, there is no ambiguity.
   
In the ideal scenario, I would sit down with the client and ask for clarifications. Given that this is not possible, it is necessary to make assumptions.

Assumptions:
- Some jobs do not require people. When a job does not require people, the user will enter 0 people/persons.
- The user will input the term "drugs" instead of "pharmaceuticals"
- The client would like the program to terminate upon encountering and error

Step 2: Design

The program must be easily extendible and editable. As of right now, there are only four markup categories. We could have more markup categories in the future
and the markup percentage for each might change. 
//***** USE DICTIONARY WITH KEY VALUE PAIR ********//

It is best to seperate reading user input from calculating cost. Therefore I created two classes: InputParser and CostCalculator. Input parser is responsible
for reading user input. If the user input is invalid (for example $1.44.44 for initial base price, or user does not input number of laborers etc.), the parser
will return an error message and the program will terminate. The CostCalculator is responsible for actually calculating the price. 

